Generic node actions (#648)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

- **openNodeInModal** configures the settings of the view which opens in a modal. You can specify the modal's title and size. If you don't specify the title, the node label is used. If there is no node label, the title remains empty. The default size of the modal is `l`, which means 80%. You can also use `m` (60%) and `s` (40%) to set the modal size.<br/> Optionally you can set the **openNodeInModal** property to `true` to use default title and size.
  -   **title** modal title. By default, it is the node label. If there is no label, it is left empty
  -   **size** **(`"l"` \| `"m"` \| `"s"`)** size of the modal (optional, default `"l"`)

> - **onNodeActivation** is an optional method that is executed when a request to navigate to the node occurs. The method receives as input parameter the node object as described in the configuration. This method can return synchronously or asynchronously. If the method returns boolean `false`, the navigation is not triggered, otherwise navigation happens as usual.

Reviewer: We usually use the term 'function' instead of method throughout the documentation. For the sake of consistency we should call this one function as well.

Author: Good point! I replaced the four occurrences of `method` with `function`

- **openNodeInModal** configures the settings of the view which opens in a modal. You can specify the modal's title and size. If you don't specify the title, the node label is used. If there is no node label, the title remains empty. The default size of the modal is `l`, which means 80%. You can also use `m` (60%) and `s` (40%) to set the modal size.<br/> Optionally you can set the **openNodeInModal** property to `true` to use default title and size.
  -   **title** modal title. By default, it is the node label. If there is no label, it is left empty
  -   **size** **(`"l"` \| `"m"` \| `"s"`)** size of the modal (optional, default `"l"`)

> - **onNodeActivation** is an optional function that is executed when a request to navigate to the node occurs. The function receives as input parameter the node object as described in the configuration. This function can return synchronously or asynchronously. If the function returns boolean `false`, the navigation is not triggered, otherwise navigation happens as usual.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **onNodeActivation** is an optional function executed when a request to navigate to the node occurs. As an input parameter, the function receives the node object as described in the configuration. This function can return results synchronously or asynchronously. If the function returns boolean `false`, the navigation is not triggered, otherwise, navigation renders as usual.
```
